10.3.0 Release (#4594)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/_changelogs/10.3.0.md

## 10.3.0

_Released 6/28/2022_

**Features:**

- Cypress Dashboard test data is now available real-time within Cypress. For
  more details, read
  [our blog post](https://www.cypress.io/blog/2022/06/28/cypress-10-3-0-speed-up-testing-workflows-with-improved-visibility-into-your-test-results/).
  Addressed in [#21250](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/21250) and
  [#22497](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/22497).
- Added a new clear button to easily clear the search text when filtering specs
  in the Cypress runner. Fixes
  [#21686](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/21686).

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed a memory leak in Chromium-based browsers caused by storing `data:` urls
  containing base64 encoded files unnecessarily. Fixed
  [#17853](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/17853) and
  [#22462](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/22462).
- Updated cross-origin cookie handling to align with browser behavior. This
  fixed various issues with cookies when testing across multiple origins. Fixed
  [#21363](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/21363) and
  [#20685](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/20685).

> - Make an update to use posix paths to fix an issue where Cypress failed on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated Cypress to use posix paths to fix an issue on
  Windows when a project required `node-ts`. Fixes
```

  more details, read
  [our blog post](https://www.cypress.io/blog/2022/06/28/cypress-10-3-0-speed-up-testing-workflows-with-improved-visibility-into-your-test-results/).
  Addressed in [#21250](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/21250) and
  [#22497](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/22497).
- Added a new clear button to easily clear the search text when filtering specs
  in the Cypress runner. Fixes
  [#21686](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/21686).

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed a memory leak in Chromium-based browsers caused by storing `data:` urls
  containing base64 encoded files unnecessarily. Fixed
  [#17853](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/17853) and
  [#22462](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/22462).
- Updated cross-origin cookie handling to align with browser behavior. This
  fixed various issues with cookies when testing across multiple origins. Fixed
  [#21363](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/21363) and
  [#20685](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/20685).
- Updated Cypress to use posix paths to fix an issue on
  Windows when a project required `node-ts`. Fixes

>   Windows when a project required `node-ts`. Fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
my bad
